Previously on Sons of Anarchy:
>> IMA: Morning.
>> JAX: Hey, you got a family.
You got a new wife.
>> OPIE: I found birth control
pills in Lyla's stuff.
This whole time that I've been
trying to have kids, she's been
killing it off.
>> GEMMA: You hiding something
from me?
This fell out of one of Abel's
coloring books.
Letters from John Teller would
be very painful.
Could set things off with Clay
again.
>> CLAY: The history that Tara
and Piney know-- very dangerous.
These are copies.
>> UNSER: I searched her whole
office-- all she had.
What are you going to do?
>> CLAY: I'm going to protect
both of us.
>> ALVAREZ: Clay, Jax-- Romero
Parada.
>> ROMEO: Friends call me Romeo.
>> JAX: Sig 551's.
>> ROMEO: I'll have the coke
ready for you for the run back.
30 kilos of uncut Colombian
cocaine.
>> ROOSEVELT: That's your daddy.
What would the club do if they
found out that you're black?
Well, first they'll pull your
patch.
Then they'd make you scrape the
ink.
>> POTTER: Have him pull a
sample from the load.
A couple grams.
>> ROOSEVELT: If he gets caught,
they'll kill him.
>> POTTER: That's the point.
(door rattling)
>> CHIBS: We're one brick light.
There should be 30 keys here.
>> ALVAREZ: Then why am I only
looking at 29 bricks?
>> JAX: Why don't you ask your
boy here?
>> RAFI: Ask yours, asshole.
>> MILES: We didn't take the
blow.
>> ALVAREZ: Well, somebody did.
>> JUICE: It was all there
before 10:00.
I came by after I hit the weed
shop and did a walk-through.
Ask him.
>> RAFI: Yeah, he was here at
9:30.
>> ALVAREZ: So you were the last
one here?
>> JUICE: Yeah, I stuck a key of
blow down my pants and just
walked out.
Douchebag.
>> JAX: Hey, hey!
> TIG: Whoa! Hey, hey!
>> CLAY: Now killing each other
ain't gonna solve anything.
>> TIG: Come on, let's go.
>> ALVAREZ: Get out.
>> JAX: It's all right, bro,
go on.
>> CLAY: Oswald's got cameras at
all the entrances.
I'll make sure nobody snuck in
under our noses.
>> ALVAREZ: Rafi's a straight-up
soldier, ese.
Been with me 15 years.
It wasn't him.
>> JAX: It wasn't Juice.
>> ALVAREZ: And the other one?
He's a new patch, right?
>> JAX: Miles.
I doubt it.
>> ALVAREZ: The prospects?
>> CLAY: We'll look into them.
>> JAX: And you press Rafi.
You make sure there's no outside
pressures you don't know about.
>> ALVAREZ: We got to do this
fast.
Romeo's coming up to check out
the operation.
He's gonna want to see his blow.
>> JAX: We'll leave it here for
now.
Tell him you didn't pick it up
yet.
Buys us a little more time.
>> ALVAREZ: Well, let's hope
we're not another brick shy.
>> CLAY: Relax.
>> ALVAREZ: Relax?
You know who we're dealing with
here, ese?
What happens if the cartel
thinks you're playing them?
>> CLAY: Yeah, I do.
>> ALVAREZ: Good.
Now we find the bitch who took
it, it don't matter Mayan or
Son, he's dead.
>> JAX: No way this was Juice.
>> CLAY: Miles is too stupid to
rip us off.
Phil or Rat Boy.
>> JAX: How?
The room was locked.
They didn't even know what they
were protecting.
>> CLAY: They knew it was
something worth protecting.
Nobody else makes any sense.
>> JAX: Shit.
I'm gonna call Happy.
♪ ♪
>> TARA: Elyda took Abel with
her on a Target run.
I'll come back for him after my
staff meeting.
>> GEMMA: How's Elyda working
out?
>> TARA: She's good.
Abel likes her.
She's teaching him Spanish.
>> GEMMA: Just keep her away
from Tig.
>> CABBY: That's $18.25, please.
>> WOMAN: All right, hold on.
>> GEMMA: Oh, Christ.
>> TARA: Who's that?
>> GEMMA: Half of Satan's spawn.
Take the baby.
>> WOMAN: Mama Gemma.
>> GEMMA: Hi, baby.
Daddy's not here, Dawnie.
>> DAWN: It's Margeaux now, with
an X.
>> GEMMA: Oh.
>> DAWN: He doesn't know I'm
coming.
(knocking)
Sorry.
Got a 20?
>> GEMMA: Yeah.
Dawn's here.
>> TARA: Hey, I'm Tara.
>> DAWN: Hey.
>> CHUCKY: Can I help you with
this?
>> DAWN: Holy shit.
Are those things real?
>> CHUCKY: No. I mean, yes, they
exist, but...
>> GEMMA: Hey, where's your
sister?
>> DAWN: That's why I'm here.
She's bad.
I need my daddy.
(sobbing)
>> GEMMA: Track down Tig.
>> CLAY: How'd Otto take it?
>> BOBBY: He gets it.
>> JAX: How'd you take it?
>> BOBBY: I'm fine.
How we going to handle this
problem?
>> TIG: All right, he's ready.
Let's go.
>> FILTHY PHIL: Clay, we didn't
take any coke.
Shit, me and Rat, we didn't even
know what the hell was in there.
>> RAT BOY: It wasn't us.
It had to be the Mayan.
He was off by himself most of
the night.
>> CLAY: We'll get to the truth.
(blow landing)
(Miles screaming)
>> MILES: No! No!
>> FILTHY PHIL: Oh, Jesus
Christ.
>> MILES: No! No! No!
(screaming)
♪ Riding through this world
All alone
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line
♪ On the devil's bed
Until you die
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye. ♪
>> HAPPY: Next.
>> JAX: You're up, Rat.
>> RAT BOY: We didn't take the
blow, man.
>> CLAY: Tell that to Happy.
>> RAT BOY: This is bullshit!
I'm not going to be taken apart
by that psycho.
>> FILTHY PHIL: Come on, Clay,
he didn't take it.
None of us did. This is...
This is crazy.
>> HAPPY: I'm waiting.
>> JAX: Maybe there's a simpler
way to do this.
>> TIG: Clay.
I got a thing at T.M.
Uh... My kid just showed up.
>> BOBBY: Which one?
>> TIG: The crazy one.
>> JAX: Which one?
>> TIG: Yeah, I know.
>> BOBBY: I'm going with him.
>> CLAY: I think we can handle
it.
In the gun room.
Now!
>> GEMMA: Your dad's on the way.
You need anything, you just ask
Mr. Happy Hands.
>> DAWN: Thank you.
>> GEMMA: It's 9:00.
>> PINEY: Yes, it is.
>> TARA: Hey, I'm late.
>> GEMMA: Bye, honey.
>> TARA: Bye.
>> IMA: Good morning.
>> TARA: What are you doing
here?
>> IMA: I was a guest.
>> TARA: Whose?
>> IMA: Is that really any of
your business?
>> GEMMA: You should make it our
business.
>> IMA: I was invited.
>> TARA: Invitation's over.
>> GEMMA: Now would be a good
time to get your shit and get
out.
Bitch, she will rip your little
tits off.
Stop drinking.
Watch the kid.
Did Jax come home last night?
>> TARA: That's not the point.
She shouldn't be here.
I hate this shit.
>> GEMMA: I know, baby.
>> TARA: Great, here comes
another one.
>> GEMMA: Be nice.
>> LYLA: You guys seen Ope?
>> GEMMA: Uh, I think he's with
the guys.
>> LYLA: Okay.
He didn't come home last night.
I'm just worried.
>> GEMMA: Uh, I think they had a
late one.
I'm sure he just crashed here.
>> LYLA: Okay.
>> GEMMA: Something wrong?
>> LYLA: No.
>> GEMMA: Really?
>> LYLA: We're struggling a
little.
A lot of distance.
We don't talk much.
>> GEMMA: It's just lizard
brain, baby.
Happens to all guys when they
get married.
>> TARA: Yeah.
Just give it some time.
(motorcycle engines revving)
>> LYLA: Okay.
Thanks.
>> GEMMA: Mm-hmm.
>> TARA: That felt shitty.
>> GEMMA: Yeah, not our
business.
>> BOBBY: Hey.
Wh-what, she looking for Ope?
>> GEMMA: Oh, shit.
>> BOBBY: What?
>> LYLA: Where is she?
>> PINEY: Where's who, darling?
>> LYLA: What are you doing
here?
>> IMA: Nobody says "good
morning" anymore.
>> LYLA: You spend the night?
>> IMA: You don't want to
know, sweetie.
>> LYLA: You backstabbing
little gash.
>> IMA: Hey, I was just
following his lead.
Married pussy is boring pussy.
>> TIG: Hey, hey, hey, hey.
(Lyla shrieks)
>> IMA: Hey, I will blow a hole
straight through that pretty
little yammy of yours.
>> LYLA: Why him?
>> IMA: You want answers,
sweetheart?
Go ask the cock that was inside
me last night.
(sobbing)
>> TIG: Get out.
Get out.
Now.
>> TARA: Keep that .38 close,
bitch.
You're going to need it.
(sighs)
>> TIG: Hey, baby.
>> DAWN: Daddy.
>> TIG: Oh, it's so nice to
see you.
>> GEMMA: You okay?
>> TARA: Yeah.
>> GEMMA: Call Ope.
>> BOBBY: Yeah.
>> JAX: It's about commitment.
Love for the club.
You get through this, we'll know
you had nothing to do with the
missing brick.
>> OPIE: You can't, pussy out.
Means you ain't straight with
why you're here.
Also means you probably ripped
us off.
>> FILTHY PHIL: Is there really
a bullet in there?
>> JAX: One round.
Five empty chambers.
Only have to pull the trigger
once.
>> CHIBS: It's the best odds
you're going to get.
(hammer cocks)
>> FILTHY PHIL: Shit.
Please.
(click)
(phone ringing)
>> JAX: Your turn.
>> RAT BOY: No way there's a
real bullet in there.
If it went off, that'd be like
murder.
>> JAX: What's your point?
>> RAT BOY: Jesus Christ.
You're really going to make...
>> JAX: Are you in or out?
(yells)
(click)
(retching)
(Filthy Phil gagging)
>> OPIE: Yo, we got a problem.
>> JAX: Yeah.
>> CLAY: Where you guys going?
>> OPIE: Domestic problem at
the clubhouse.
>> JAX: Psycho porn star pulled
a gun on Gemma and the girls.
>> CLAY: Jesus Christ.
Are they all right?
>> OPIE: Going to find out.
>> JUICE: Clay, I really
think these guys are telling
the truth.
>> JAX: Yeah, prospects made it
through roulette.
>> CLAY: Check in with Alvarez.
See if we can get an ETA
on Romeo.
>> CHIBS: Done.
And you need to go with them.
They think you're in the E.R.
So, what... what do I do with
these guys?
>> JAX: Cage match?
>> CLAY: Yeah.
>> CHIBS: Lovely.
(engines starting)
>> DAWN: I didn't know where
else to go.
Fawn's going to do some serious
damage to herself if we don't
do something, Dad.
>> TIG: When... when did all
this go down, Dawny?
>> DAWN: It's Margeaux.
>> BOBBY: With an "X."
>> TIG: Oh.
Uh, this... this does not
sound like your sister.
How long has she been puking?
>> DAWN: She's always had weird
food stuff.
>> TIG: Since when?
>> DAWN: Since she was like
five.
She used to count how many
Cheerios she ate.
We got to get her in treatment.
>> TIG: Well, what's your
mother say?
>> DAWN: Colleen's got a head
full of 12-step bullshit.
It's all about boundaries
and detachment.
>> TIG: Jesus.
>> DAWN: There's a private
rehab down in Orange County.
Like, a 30-day thing.
They have an opening.
>> TIG: Okay.
>> DAWN: But it's not cheap.
$12,000.
>> BOBBY (chuckling): 12 K?
I can, uh, teach her to stop
binging for nothing.
>> CHUCK: Really?
>> DAWN: This is serious, Dad.
We're going to lose her.
>> TIG: Okay.
Okay.
>> DAWN: Okay, you'll help her?
>> TIG: Yeah.
Yeah, baby, we'll... we'll...
we'll go together.
We'll... we'll check her in.
>> DAWN: No.
No, it's got to just be me.
She'll get too embarrassed.
She won't go, Dad.
>> TIG: All right.
Um, it's going to take a... a
minute for me to pull all
the cash together.
Can you stick around for
a while?
>> DAWN: Sure.
>> TIG: Okay.
All right.
Come on.
>> CLAY: You okay?
>> GEMMA: Yeah.
>> OPIE: Where's Lyla?
>> GEMMA: Clubhouse.
>> JAX: Ima?
>> GEMMA: She took off.
She said some cruel shit, Ope.
This may be none of my business,
but you hooking up...
>> JAX: Mom, don't.
>> GEMMA: Bitch pulled a gun
on me.
>> OPIE: No, she's right.
It's my shit.
>> JAX: Whoa!
>> PINEY: Your dick almost got
people killed.
I don't even know who you
are anymore.
>> TARA: Put some ice on it.
>> OPIE: Okay, thanks.
>> JAX: You okay?
>> TARA: What do you think?
>> OPIE: Doc seems a little
pissed.
>> JAX: She's just reliving
my shit.
>> OPIE: Well, at least she gave
you a pass.
Don't figure I got one of
those coming.
>> JAX: Getting knocked up and
kidnapped kind of wipes the
slate clean.
I wouldn't recommend it as
a fix.
>> OPIE: I don't even know if
I want another kid, man.
I just figured it's what
we needed.
>> JAX: Gets her out of
the life.
>> OPIE: Yep.
>> JAX: Maybe she doesn't
want out.
>> JAX: Tara.
Hey, hey.
I'm sorry.
>> TARA: You know what this
means, right?
>> JAX: Yes.
>> TARA: I have to be able to
trust you.
>> JAX: I'm not the one who
slept with her.
>> TARA: This isn't about Opie.
It's about... this.
How you guys treat women.
>> JAX: Don't condemn the
whole club.
>> TARA: You know what I mean.
It isn't just a deal breaker
anymore, Jax.
I'm the mother of your sons.
You hurt me, you hurt all of us.
>> JAX: I'm not going to
hurt you.
(engine starting)
>> GEMMA: Sting of that betrayal
ain't going to fade.
>> JAX: I know.
>> GEMMA: I'd make sure it
doesn't happen again.
♪ ♪
(knocks on glass)
>> CLAY: Best to be awake while
doing surveillance.
She just left.
What are you going to do, just
follow her around the rest of
her life?
That don't sound like fun.
>> UNSER: I don't give a shit
about me.
I just don't want anybody else
to get hurt.
>> CLAY: Me, neither.
Especially you.
By law or by the hands of the
club...
I go down, you go down.
That's just the simple truth
of it, Wayne.
>> CHIBS: We know one of you is
telling the truth and one of you
is not.
Up to you two to decide which
is which.
>> HAPPY: No one comes out
of this room until we have
an answer.
>> FILTHY PHIL: What does that
mean?
We're supposed to kill each
other?
>> JUICE: We just need the
truth.
>> CHIBS: Burden's on you to
find it.
Or you're both dead.
(door slams)
>> MILES: Clay, I got the
footage from the lumber yard.
I checked the cameras.
No one but our guys came in or
out.
It was all quiet.
>> CLAY: All right, then.
Head back up there, and, uh,
give that back to Oswald's guy.
>> MILES: Okay.
(sniffles)
>> LYLA: Were you drunk?
>> OPIE: No.
>> LYLA: Why?
>> OPIE: I found the birth
control in your dressing room.
(sniffles)
>> LYLA: You did it to get even?
>> OPIE: I don't know.
Look, I know you don't want
another kid.
>> LYLA: I had an abortion.
>> OPIE: What?
>> LYLA: Last year.
Before the guys went inside.
>> OPIE: Mine?
>> LYLA: Yeah.
>> OPIE: I'll have Mary take the
kids.
I'll crash at the clubhouse.
You tell me what you want to do.
>> CHIBS: Very quiet.
>> JUICE: You really think they
took it?
>> CHIBS: Do you?
>> JUICE: Who knows?
>> CHIBS: Well, that's why
they're in there.
>> JUICE: Do you ever push back
against the rules?
Some of them are pretty
hardcore.
>> CHIBS: Knew what they were
when we signed up.
>> JUICE: The black thing ever
bother you?
With Fiona, and all?
>> CHIBS: Fiona was an old lady.
>> JUICE: Yeah, I know, but
still.
>> CHIBS: Listen, the rules have
been around since day one.
Different time.
I'm not saying I agree with them
all.
But you know, if I start picking
and choosing which ones to
follow, then...
the whole thing just falls
apart.
>> JUICE: Yeah.
>> CLAY: That was Alvarez.
Romeo wants to come see the
warehouse, pick up his parts.
>> JAX: Shit.
>> CLAY: Yeah.
>> JAX: What about Rafi?
>> CLAY: Pressed him pretty
hard.
He's convinced it wasn't him.
>> JAX: Well, what if we're
convinced it wasn't one of our
guys?
>> CLAY: It had to be one of the
prospects.
We gave them a chance.
Call Chibs.
Let him know.
>> JAX: Jesus Christ.
>> CLAY: Hey, man.
Sometimes the herd needs
thinning.
>> CHIBS: Romeo'll be here in an
hour.
We've got to put one of these
guys down.
>> JUICE: Are you serious?
>> CHIBS: Yeah.
>> JUICE: Jesus Christ.
It's bad enough we scared
the shit out of them with the
gun bluff.
>> CHIBS: It's the only way to
calm the cartel.
They're going to want a guilty
body, and if we don't give it to
them, they're going to take it
as a sign of weakness.
Then they're going to want more
blood.
I don't have any options.
>> JUICE: Hold up.
For all we know, Alvarez is
playing us.
Him vouching for his own guy?
What the hell does that prove?
>> CHIBS: Juicy.
It's out of your hands.
>> JUICE: Hey.
Gotta give Phil and Rat one last
chance.
>> JUICE: There's a guy on his
way.
Expecting all that coke to be
here.
That missing kilo isn't just
about you.
It means trouble for the whole
club.
So I'm going to give you both
one last chance.
We're going to step outside.
And have a smoke.
And whoever took the brick...
we know.
It's gotta be around here
somewhere.
Just put it back.
No questions.
No repercussions.
(Happy scoffs)
>> CHIBS: 15 minutes.
(door slams)
>> CHIBS: Even if that brick
shows up, them two are out.
>> JUICE: But at least they
won't be dead.
And we'll get our blow back.
>> CHIBS: Happy, go sit on their
bikes.
Block any exit strategy.
>> JUICE: I gotta take a piss.
Clear out.
Give them the 15.
>> ROOSEVELT: Can I help you?
>> UNSER: Sheriff Roosevelt,
uh...
Wayne Unser.
>> ROOSEVELT: Yeah.
>> UNSER: Someplace we can
chat?
>> ROOSEVELT: What's on your
mind?
>> UNSER: I got reason to
believe that Dr. Tara Knowles
might be in some kind of danger.
>> ROOSEVELT: Jax Teller's old
lady.
>> UNSER: Yeah.
>> ROOSEVELT: Do you care to
elaborate?
>> UNSER: Don't know much more.
(Roosevelt laughs)
>> ROOSEVELT: Okay.
From my understanding, you were
on Clay Morrow's payroll.
I'd think you would know a lot
more.
>> UNSER: I was never in
nobody's pocket.
I learned how to work with the
club.
It was about what was best for
Charming.
Not me.
>> ROOSEVELT: Okay.
Well, if you want me to keep an
eye on the doctor, you're going
to have to give me more, and you
know that.
So who's trying to hurt the
lady, Chief?
>> UNSER: I've just heard
some things.
Thought you should know.
>> ROOSEVELT: You know if
anything happens to her, I'm
going to come to you for
answers.
>> MILES: Hey!
>> JUICE: Hey.
What are you doing out here?
>> MILES: Cutting through from
the guardhouse.
What are you doing?
Jesus, you took it?
Hey, hey, hey!
>> JUICE: Whoa, easy, man!
I'm not carrying.
>> MILES: Shit, Juice.
>> JUICE: You gotta let me
explain.
>> MILES: Yeah.
Back at the warehouse.
Let's go.
>> JUICE: Okay.
Here.
(gunshot)
(Juice groaning)
(panting)
(Juice screams)
(screams)
(breathing hard)
(creaking nearby)
>> CHIBS: Juice?
Juice, where are you, mate?
>> HAPPY: Who the hell do we
have?
>> CHIBS: I don't know, but
we'll find out.
Juice?
>> HAPPY: Juicy?
What the hell?
>> CHIBS: Holy shit.
(Juice whimpers)
>> JUICE: I came out to take a
piss.
I spotted him pulling something
out of the leaves.
He saw me and he freaked out.
He tried to kill me.
I took one trying to get the
gun.
>> CHIBS: Mother of Christ.
Come on.
(Juice groans)
>> HAPPY: Lying bitch.
>> CHIBS: Did you get him?
>> CHIBS: There, go over there.
>> JAX: Shit.
The hell happened?
>> CHIBS: Miles.
(Juice groans)
>> CHIBS: Juicy boy caught him
pulling this out of stash.
>> HAPPY: He's very dead.
>> OPIE: Shit. Miles?
>> CLAY: I ought to shoot you
guys for patching him in.
Good work, Juicy.
>> JUICE: Yeah.
>> CLAY: Look, uh, Romeo's going
to be here any minute.
>> JAX: Oh, we'll clean this up
and pack it away.
>> CHIBS: Get him in the van.
>> CLAY: The thief, put him
deep.
No marker. All right?
Have Laurel and Hardy do it.
>> HAPPY: Yes, I will.
>> OPIE: Doesn't make sense.
Miles?
>> JAX: Sometimes the vetting
happens a little late, I guess.
Lucky it happened now.
>> DAWN: Do you remember?
>> TIG: No.
Yes.
No. Maybe.
Was I there, for sure?
>> DAWN: You were.
>> TIG: Wow...
>> CHUCKY: Lemonade.
>> TIG: Come on.
(imitating engine roaring)
>> BOBBY: Tig.
>> TIG: I'll be right there,
baby.
What?
>> GEMMA: I spoke to Colleen.
>> TIG: What?
>> BOBBY: Fawn is fine.
She's in Chicago with her
boyfriend for two weeks.
>> GEMMA: No bulimia.
Dawn's playing you, sweetheart.
>> TIG: Well, what's she want
the 12 grand for?
>> GEMMA: Well, I don't know.
Why don't you ask her?
>> TIG: Maybe.
>> BOBBY: You okay, Tig?
>> TIG: Yeah.
Thanks.
>> GEMMA: This is why mothers
should drown baby girls.
>> CHIBS: 30 keys.
>> ALVAREZ: That's good.
>> ROMEO: When's your next
shipment?
>> JAX: Our guys are up north
securing it from the Irish.
Haul 'em down in these oil
barrels.
>> ROMEO: You white boys are
pretty smart.
>> CLAY: We get by.
Could I get a minute?
>> ALVAREZ: Looks like you're a
patch short.
>> JAX: No, we're not.
Won't happen again.
>> ALVAREZ: I know.
>> ROMEO: Do we have a problem?
>> CLAY: Yeah.
We have an internal threat.
A family member stumbled on some
of our more sensitive
information.
>> ROMEO: This is very bad.
>> CLAY: I know.
She's our doc.
She's got a level of access.
It got out of hand.
I'm afraid she's going to expose
us.
>> ROMEO: The doctor-- that's
your V.P.'s old lady?
>> CLAY: Yeah.
He don't know.
>> ROMEO: You have a very
difficult decision, my friend.
>> CLAY: Trust me, it's been
brutal.
But it's got to be done.
I need somebody from the
outside.
I was hoping you might want to
handle it.
>> ROMEO: Take a few days to put
together.
>> CLAY: Okay.
>> ROMEO: I'm going to need all
her info.
Pictures, vehicle, schedule.
It's gonna get expensive.
>> CLAY: Whatever it takes.
Romeo.
I'm sorry I let this happen.
>> ROMEO: We'll clean it up.
>> JAX: Hey, everything okay?
>> CLAY: Yeah. All good.
>> DAWN: Thank you, Daddy.
>> BOBBY: You gave her the
money.
>> TIG: Oh, yeah.
>> GEMMA: She'll just be back
for more.
>> TIG: Yeah, I know.
>> IMA: What's the matter?
You jealous?
So what, I can only be your bad
girl?
>> JAX: That's right.
>> GEMMA: I changed the sheets.
You're all set in there.
>> OPIE: Thanks, Mom.
>> JAX: You ever flash that
rancid pussy around my club or
family again, I will kill you.
Understand?
Whore.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org